Module render_engine.page
=========================

Functions
---------

    
`parse_content(content, matcher=re.compile('(^\\w+: \\b.+$)', re.MULTILINE))`
:   split content into attributes and content text
    
    Parameters:
        content : str
            The content to be parsed
        matcher : str, optional
            A compiled regular expression that splits the content.
            default `base_matcher`

Classes
-------

`Page(content_path=None, content='', matcher=re.compile('(^\\w+: \\b.+$)', re.MULTILINE))`
:   Base component used to make web pages.
    
    All components that represent content in HTML, XML, or JSON generated by 
    Render Engine should be a Page object.
    
    Pages can be rendered directly from a template or from a file.
    
    Page objects can be used to extend existing page objects.
    
    
    Examples:
        ```
        # Basic Page with No Template Variables
        @site.register_route('basic_page.html')
        class BasicPage(Page):
            template = 'template_file.html' # user provided template
    
        # Basic Page with Variables
        @site.register_route('page_with_vars')
        class PageWithVars(Page):
            title = 'Site Title'
    
        # Page Loading from File
        @site.register_route('page_from_file')
        class PageFromFile(Page):
            content_path = 'index.md' # loaded from content path can be '.md' or '.html'
    
        # Page Inherited from Other Page
        @site.register_route('basic_page.html')
        class BasicPage(Page):
            template = 'template_file.html' # user provided template
            title = 'Base Page'
    
        @site.register_route('other_page.html')
        class InheritingPage(Page):
            # template will be inherited from the BasicPage
            title = 'Inherited Page'
        ```
    
    Attributes:
        engine: str, optional
            The engine that the Site should refer to or the site's default engine
        template: str
            The template that the Site should refer to. If empty, use site's default
        routes: List[str]
            all routes that the file should be created at. default []
        content_path: List[PathString], optional
            the filepath to load content from.
        slug: str
            The engine's default route filename
        content: str
            preprocessed text stripped from initialized content. This will not
            include any defined attrs
        html: str
            text converted to html from _content
    
    If a content_path exists, check the associated file, processing the
    vars at the top and restitching the remaining lines
    
    Parameters:
        content_path: List[PathString], optional
            the filepath to load content from.
        content: str, optional
            raw text to be processed into HTML
        matcher: str, optional
            A compiled regular expression that splits the content.
            defatul `base_matcher`
    
    TODOs:
        - ADD Documentation for attrs/content
        - Make Slug Conversion Smarter

    ### Descendants

    * render_engine.blog.BlogPost
    * render_engine.feeds.RSSFeed

    ### Class variables

    `engine`
    :   str(object='') -> str
        str(bytes_or_buffer[, encoding[, errors]]) -> str
        
        Create a new string object from the given object. If encoding or
        errors is specified, then the object must expose a data buffer
        that will be decoded using the given encoding and error handler.
        Otherwise, returns the result of object.__str__() (if defined)
        or repr(object).
        encoding defaults to sys.getdefaultencoding().
        errors defaults to 'strict'.

    `routes`
    :   Built-in mutable sequence.
        
        If no argument is given, the constructor creates a new empty list.
        The argument must be an iterable if specified.

    `template`
    :   str(object='') -> str
        str(bytes_or_buffer[, encoding[, errors]]) -> str
        
        Create a new string object from the given object. If encoding or
        errors is specified, then the object must expose a data buffer
        that will be decoded using the given encoding and error handler.
        Otherwise, returns the result of object.__str__() (if defined)
        or repr(object).
        encoding defaults to sys.getdefaultencoding().
        errors defaults to 'strict'.

    ### Instance variables

    `content`
    :   html = rendered html (not marked up). Is `None` if `content == None`

    `html`
    :   Text from self._content converted to html